well it is the end of the plains
essentially I am at Riot Games I've
snuck in essentially with no Broden just
me and spawn how's it going spawn yeah
I'm doing good I snuck in as well yeah
no rider anymore freelancer so you know
we just made a break for it it's very
good well all this coverage of course
brought to you by you GG my world
sponsor spawn talk to me about how
plants has been have been for you
yeah planes have been pretty crazy so
far I think they've been a lot of upsets
and some pretty sloppy League of Legends
I would say apart from EDG and G Rex and
I think people thought that the level
was going to elevate I think that there
is now clearly like at definitively good
to teams and planes and everyone else is
kind of scrapping it out for positions
below that what do you think of cloud 9
and g2 because as we speak g2 has
qualified in through kind of a messy
series so what do you think of the west
and their appearance at least in the two
dominant reader two main regions this
plan yeah well I guess like first of all
G two's victory even though it was a 3-1
was as messy as the 3-2 victory that
came out of cloud 9 I think overall I
think that would be disappointing their
own performance just because I my read
on them was that that was stronger than
that like both individually and as a
team and they obviously both had some
slack metal ristmas reads I think G 2 is
to a lesser extent now able to fix that
a little bit quicker but I think that
they've got some hard work to now go
away and do especially given the
strength of groups that they're going to
be placed into it will be a difficult
run for both teams now I think and then
what do you think of the whole
direwolves moment and plans are their
process through this whole thing
yeah well Firdos fan like that was
incredibly disappointed like not only
was sure and fired the MVP of the league
we also do a captain's MVP where all the
captains vote on who should be the MVP
and he won that as well so we're talking
about one of the most dominant guys that
has ever come back to oath then for him
to be suspended was bad enough and then
to also come back in and then not be
able to pick up the victory really was
like a gut punch but I think that you
know off the back end of that cupcake
retiring like it just overall feels like
a pretty sad world's photos I think that
we expected more this year because it
seemed like we had learned we had a big
influx of imports coming we had some
coaches come over as well so a
disappointing result but also still a
young region got a look at the bright
sides we have individuals like triple
liking showing they can hang with it on
the international stage by a Panthers a
rookie he did a good job as well so
there were some moments but overall I
cry myself to sleep over it it's so sad
because I want to be sad for you but
clay keyd is in the hallway behind you
making faces at me in the entire time
now now he's ducked out because you're
gone but you're telling me how
unfortunate things are for OSIS and by
the way on a hotline League we had a
caller call in an oceanic fan who was
like this is the year I feel that this
is the year and then that news hit and
so it's just it's a difficult situation
I'm sure but do you do you feel like
they're still like is there any any good
news to take away from play out our
plans for Oceania yeah I think it's the
young plays did well like Rudy Soph won
a game by a panther did well triples new
to the dials lineup you guys wouldn't
have seen him last year when he was
playing internationally he played well
at MSI as well so it's it we do have
talent coming up it's not like you know
the old people are just ruling Oceania
still and you know the Chiefs are losing
kind of prove that theory a couple of
years ago so I think that teams will now
be more excited to pick up young talent
as they come through now I know you said
you you feel like we have a solid two
teams coming out of plans but do you
well how do you feel about like the
plans teams as a whole headed into
worlds right because theoretically these
guys should be in the worst situation to
make a run for it yeah and I think they
are in the worst situation to make a run
for it I think anyone that is saying you
know EDG is top five I would say even
top seven is kind of you know
overstating their capability and I still
think they're a cut above grx so I think
you know teams like fnatic in the West
seems like Team Liquid should be able to
stand up to these guys fine and then you
got the top five of you know the other
remaining LPL and korean teams and then
you throw fongool in there all of a
sudden you've got a very competitive top
of the table so I think that EDG grx
whatever group they're placed in this
becomes you know once again the
difficult worlds for them as well but
they have I think a better shot at it
then the likes of the g2s and the cloud
knights that also came out now I always
love talking to the talent at these
international events about what it's
like to come and work with all sorts of
different faces in the studio because
obviously you have the folks that you
get to hang out with and work with back
home but here you you end up
with Mark Z you end up with shocks you
end up with all the difficult Oaks so
what's it been like for you here at the
LCA studio
yeah honestly for me it's great because
when I'm back in OHS I'm a play-by-play
caster because we only have color
casters left and I host the show as well
so being able to go back to color which
is my traditional role being able to
pick the brains of other analysts and
you know be able to feed that
information back to you know our cast is
back in Oceania and then for the show to
just be like such a neat little package
like for those that watch the OPL you
know it's a little bit more gritty it's
a little bit more down and dirty we
don't wear suits so I think that you
know coming to a very polished product
is always exciting and it's it's good to
be able to compare yourself to you know
international standards still and see
whether I still can compete on that
level as a classroom I know I've got
work to do at the moment but it's always
just great to like continue to strive to
become better and the best thing about
you know the team that we bring here is
that everyone's kind of bought into that
and everyone is trying to like elevate
at the same time now we are headed into
group stage I don't know if people are
making it we've got a pretty wide lens
right now but people are popping into
the story so if that's the case it's
just the folks working the studio a lot
of action going on here
yeah it's lunchtime at I see my clock
says 1:30 so yeah that's either way you
you were headed off to groups or the
groups is about to begin what is it what
do you have any crazy predictions any
thoughts as we head into the group stage
so I've had a couple I think that I G
will show that they are as good as RNG
and I think a frico will also submit
themself in that top tier bracket so I
think people kind of think right now
it's orangey and Katy and I'm quite
confident and another couple of teams
can join that Genji has the potential to
be able to do so people keep talking
about their relative weakness in lck
wasn't that bad in my opinion and they
were able to win worlds off the back end
of a similar performance but I do think
that right now like if I was going to
have a bracket of four teams I would
exclude Genji just by a margin if that's
not brave enough I would say that I
think that fnatic is good enough to do
damage having watched fnatic I don't
think this is like you know the EU hive
train coming along I don't think they're
a flash in the pan I do think that they
are genuinely you know an upset worthy
team doesn't mean they gonna win worlds
I don't think so but can they you know
challenge for semi finals and the like I
think they can I noticed you didn't say
anything about any na teams in Converse
and that's a little painful to me we are
in Los Angeles and you just opted to
disrespectful you not mention in a what
why is that I love watching North
American League of Legends Travis
because it kind of reminds me of oceanic
League of Legends and as you can see we
haven't done the best at this tournament
not saying it's going to be replicated
in all honesty like if you want to have
a shining light obviously it's liquid I
think that they do have fantastic
players smithy is a person that stands
out to me has always been able to play
pretty well on the international stage
so I think there will be shining points
for TL but it's just such a competitive
bracket at the top now and I think that
for North American fans they are
expecting that next jump into quarters
into Sammy's and unfortunately with the
strength of the Chinese and the Korean
teams at the moment I just think that
that is a rage now taking step back you
mentioned that you you think Africa will
show up and sort of prove themselves
there's an interesting thing that's
happening I think we were talking about
a little bit on hotline League no one
seems to be carrying or talking about or
paying attention to group a at all I
feel like and that's probably just
because there's not any Western teams in
that group but what's what's your take
on group a maybe you can help add a
little bit of hype to a quiet
conversation about them yeah obviously
incomplete group so far but it really
does depend what flash will show up if
that's a group that we're talking about
I think that's a off the top of my head
has been a long cast and you know then
and it's so inconsistent in these
tournaments because flash pulls you off
there last year performance you're like
okay this group is wide open then you
look at their MSI performance you like
Wow door like really shut on this group
and it's gonna be pretty clear-cut I do
like your point that there's no you know
Western teams in there at the moment so
it is being slept on I also think that
it's one of those groups that you will
see the first day of game play and if it
is super close everyone will just start
talking about it and you know that's
where the Dark Horse of the whole
tournament will potentially come from so
I think that it's just lack of
information teams go dark for such a
long time around worlds and we start
seeing these playing teams and they
start generating hype and then you hear
the rumors of scrims and you know how
they've participated you know
domestically and internationally
previously it doesn't really hit home
how good some of these guys are until
you see them play different regions and
you know either crash or the game be
pretty close
very good well I do have a flight to
catch in roughly 10 hours but is there
anything that you would like to say to
any of the fans out there
Oceania fans Western fans anybody out
there yeah I'll say g'day mate we
weren't here to put boots on
caterpillars but unfortunately we fell
short so you know that one's on us but
I'm sure Oceania will keep trying to get
back to where they were and represent
our region with pride and I'm just
really happy to be here thanks for the
interview
well thank you so much for the interview
best luck next year for your region but
looking forward to seeing all the height
that's gonna be coming in on groups just
a little bit for when else you can check
out the rest my coverage of all things
worlds right here on my youtube channel
well I am leaving in a couple of hours
but Brodin but I realized that I did
these interviews and they didn't film an
outro at all so now I'm just doing that
from my office
I'm really excited of this trip and I
want to thank you Gigi for sending me on
it because yes I got those interviews
from the studio but that's all I'd be
doing if it wasn't for them helping send
me over to Korea so we're gonna be
getting those to you soon again thanks
you do GT and be sure to check out the
links in the description below so that
you can support them maybe follow me on
Twitch do whatever all that and more
coming up soon with worlds